Bar char 

Given a bar chart comparing The transport modes in European in city which were including in 4 different vehicle  bus, car, bike and foot over the period of 4 decades since 1960.

In general, it is evident that while the rate of car was the highest,  the remaining means of transports witnessed a reverse trend. 

Concerning car, the data of car the lowest at over 8 % of total travellers in 1990. In the next 4 decades, the percent of car rose dramatically which was followed by a considerable increase to over 35 % of sum travellers which doubled the figure for bus and tripled the percentage of bike and foot

Regarding foot, although the amount of foot was used the most which tripled the data on car in 1960, the figure went down slightly by 8%. By contrast, although in 1960. the data of car had the lowest percentage of amount of traveller with 5%, after 4 decades, this means of transport saw a dramatic increase to over 35% , which was the highest compared to the other transport models 
   

————————————————————————————— 

Some people said that living in big cities is becoming more and more difficult. Others think it is not. Discuss both view and give your opinion 

Hardly can anyone deny the increasing of living in big cities. Although it is argued that it is becoming more challenging, i am of the opinion that it is easier.

on the one hand, there are a wide range of reasons why it is often believe that living in large cities  is harder, one of which is that citizens have difficulty in finance in mega cities. This is because People living here need to provide a lot of money for their life. Therefore, some people can’t  suffer from this high habitat and decide to do  some things which affect to people around there. For example, Currently many students must be moved to big cities for studying at University. although parents is providing to substance, that is enough. So some people become a thief or a murderer, … .Besides, resident living in big cities is influenced by polluted environment. In other words, many companies often bring exhaust fume to environment which don’t process through modern technique. Consequently, a lot of people have negative influence on health. 

on the other hand, I am convinced that life in mega cities is easier. First easily apply for a job. In other words, Currently In a big cities have a lot of companies, individual in large cities have more chance than other area in their country, getting a job. For example, ………….
In addition …………..

In conclusion on while some argue that living in mega cities is hard, I hold the belief that it is easy 

