————————————————————————————— 

Given are 2 pie chart comparing different entertainment activities of European adults on free time in the year 1985 and 1995.

In general, it is evident that the data on others activities and watching TV was making up the highest. Besides, most of the activities saw a reverse trend in the percentage over the years.

As can be seen from the charts, walking was the most common activity, with 32% in 1985 and 30% in 1995. the second most favored activity was eating out, the rate making up 23% in 1985. After a decade, decreasing dramatically by 15%. In 1985, 18% of European person were interested in talking with friend in break time and this figure rose by 8% in the next ten years.

Likewise, the amount of people talk with family, it went down   considerably from 18% to only 7%. while playing computer games attracted more people with 27% and became the second most common in 1995, 1985 it didn’t interest a lot of people using those leisure activity. Besides, the remaining of others activity decreased slowly, with 6% and 2% in 1985 and 1999


————————————————————————————— 


Hardly can anyone deny the decreasing popularity of riding the bicycle in recent years. This easy aims to mention the reasons and methods of the aforementioned issue.

There are a lot of reasons why few people use bicycle as a model of transportation, one of which is that everyone want to save time. In other words, modern life need to more timer than in the past, individuals nowadays want to spend less on transport as possible. Therefore, they choose other type of vehicle speeding high such as motorbikes or cars, … . In addition, driving a bicycle need to a good heath . This is because, pedaling is more substance demander than other transport. Consequently, people don’t want to use bicycle for daily routine. especially now this weather is very hot and more shine so using bicycle is not possible when they have a long trip.

However, the solution to this issue are many. First, increasing cost of a own motorbike, car or other vehicle. To be more specific, it can be done by increasing the price of petrol or growing tax buying means of vehicle. As a result, In Viet Nam, People buying a car, pay taxes for these vehicles so costly of a own car in Viet Nam is very high. Additionally, government can give some recommendations helping everyone, protect a health environment together. In other words, Currently The earth is hot more and more because the air is polluted by smoke from companies, car or motorbike. for Example, government in Viet Nam often waken the people on countries turn off the light range of one hours

In conclusion, the reasons why people do not riding the bicycle are because a lot of reasons representing above  . However, strong measures such as increasing the cost which buy a car or a motorbike and increasing the price of petrol on those vehicles could be applied to solve the situation 
